Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"!
SO YOU'RE BARB--THE ONE
WHO WROTE ME THE LETTER
ABOUT SAVING
MY OLD FRIEND?
YES...HE NEEDS YOU.
AND I'M ONLY
TRYING TO HELP...
WHO IS HE? AND JUST WHAT
DOES HE NEED SAVING FROM?
YOU'LL SEE FROM WHAT
IN JUST A MOMENT, YUSEI.
FOR AS
THE SUN SETS...
THE DANGERS IN THIS
TOWN BEGIN TO RISE.
THE LAW OF THE LAND
IS THAT DUELS
CAN ONLY BE WAGED
DURING DUSK.
IT'S ODDLY
APPROPRIATE, TOO.
BECAUSE THOSE
THAT LOSE...
VANISH JUST AS
THE SUN DOES.
[GASP] IS THAT KALIN?!
Barb: HE CAME TO THIS TOWN
TO PUNISH HIMSELF
FOR SOMETHING HE DID
IN THE PAST.
WHY IS HE DUELING
FOR THESE PEOPLE?
Barb: YOU SEE, DEEP INSIDE
THAT TREACHEROUS PEAK
IS A MINERAL CALLED DYNE.
ALL SORTS OF PEOPLE
RUSHED HERE
TO MINE THIS
VALUABLE MINERAL
AND MAKE THEIR FORTUNE...
WHEN ALL THE DUST SETTLED
ONLY MALCOLM AND RADLEY
WERE THE ONES
LEFT STANDING.
Yusei: KALIN!
♪
IT'S YUSEI!
LET'S TALK!
♪
KALIN, WAIT!
I'M HERE TO HELP!
Barb: LET HIM GO.
I KNOW A BETTER WAY
TO HELP.
YOU HAVE TO BEAT
MALCOLM'S STOOGES.
ONLY THEN WILL MALCOLM
TRUST YOU ENOUGH
TO LET YOU DUEL
FOR HIS CREW.
THEN, IF YOU CAN BEAT KALIN,
WE'LL MAKE OUR MOVE.
BEFORE THEY DRAG HIM OFF
TO WORK FOREVER
IN THOSE MOUNTAINS...
WE'LL TAKE HIM.
♪
SPEED WARRIOR--ATTACK
INFERNITY RANDOMIZER!
GO HYPER SONIC SLASH!
I PLAY THE TRAP...
INFERNITY REFLECTOR!
♪
[THINKING] IF I PLAY
MY CARDS RIGHT,
MAYBE I CAN
CONVINCE KALIN
HE DOESN'T BELONG
IN THOSE MINES.
YOU'RE NOT SIMPLY
TRYING TO WIN, YUSEI...
YOU'RE TRYING TO
BRING OUT MY HEART
AT THE SAME TIME.
COME ON, KALIN!
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
ALL ABOUT OUR PAST?
ALL OF THE THINGS THAT
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH TOGETHER?
I TRIED TO
DESTROY YOU, YUSEI.
I DID SOME PRETTY
HORRIBLE THINGS.
THINGS THAT I REGRET...
BUT CAN'T TAKE BACK.
KALIN...SURE, YOU MADE SOME
PRETTY BIG MISTAKES...
BUT THAT'S DONE!
THE DARKNESS IS GONE
NOW--I SAW IT LEAVE!
IT'S STILL
VERY MUCH WITH ME.
ONLY NOW, IT DOESN'T
TEMPT ME TO BE WICKED.
IT MAKES ME WANT
SOMETHING ELSE...
TO PAY FOR ALL OF
MY WRONGDOINGS.
KALIN, YOU'VE
SUFFERED ENOUGH!
NO, I HAVEN'T.
BUT I WILL.
AND YOU ARE GOING TO BE
THE ONE THAT HELPS ME.
KALIN...
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
HEY, KALIN!
YOU TRYING TO LOSE
THIS DUEL OR WHAT?!
ALL I'M TRYING TO DO
IS ALLOW FATE
TO DEAL ME A JUST END.
IF YUSEI BEATING ME HERE
IS THAT END...
THEN SO BE IT.
BUT I WON'T JUST
LET HIM WIN.
THAT WOULD BE
FAR TOO EASY.
AND THERE SHOULD
BE NOTHING EASY
ABOUT THE ROAD I'M
ABOUT TO TRAVEL ON.
IF THERE'S JUSTICE
IN THIS WORLD...
THAT ROAD SHOULD BE RIFE WITH
PLAGUE, DISEASE AND MISERY.
HE'S GONE LOONY--
LET ME STEP IN FOR HIM!
I'M FINE.
AND BESIDES...
A WANNABE DUELIST
LIKE YOU...
WOULD BE TOAST.
-WHY YOU--!
-NO!
JUST LET KALIN
DO HIS THING...
SURE, HE MAY BE CRAZY
BUT HE'S ALSO NEVER LOST.
I STILL BELIEVE
IN YOU, KALIN!
THEN QUIT YOUR
BLABBERMOUTHIN'...
AND LET 'IM
DUEL ALREADY!
HE'S RIGHT...
LET'S DO THIS...
IT'S MY TURN.
AND I SUMMON
INFERNITY DWARF!
[GRUNTS]
AND NOW I'LL HAVE
INFERNITY AVENGER
TUNE WITH
INFERNITY DWARF!
♪
WATCH AS
THE SINISTER SPIRITS
THAT INHABIT
EACH OF THESE CREATURES
COMBINE INTO ONE...
WATCH....
AS I SUMMON FORTH...
THE SYNCHRO MONSTER,
INFERNITY DOOM DRAGON!
[ROARS]
THE WHAT DRAGON?
I'VE NEVER SEEN
THIS MONSTER!
AND SINCE I HAVE
NO CARDS IN MY HAND,
IN EXCHANGE
FOR NOT BATTLING,
ONCE PER TURN,
I CAN DESTROY
ONE MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD,
AND THEN YOU
TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL TO
HALF THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
UNLEASH YOUR FURY,
DOOM DRAGON!
[ROAR]
[YUSEI CRIES OUT]
I END MY TURN.
All: YES!
ALRIGHT--KALIN'S
COMIN' BACK!
♪
YEAH....WE'LL SEE...
IT'S MY TURN
AND FIRST I DESTROY
THE FACEDOWN TRAP CARD
LIMITER OVERLOAD ON MY FIELD
SO I CAN SUMMON CARD
BREAKER FROM MY HAND!
♪
AND THERE'S MORE...
SINCE LIMITER OVERLOAD
WAS SENT TO THE GRAVE,
ITS EFFECT NOW ACTIVATES
AND LETS ME REVIVE
SPEED WARRIOR!
♪
AND NOW...I'LL RELEASE
THE WARRIOR-TYPE
SPEED WARRIOR
TO SUMMON TURRET WARRIOR
FROM MY HAND!
♪
NOW, LEVEL 1
BOOST WARRIOR
TUNE WITH LEVEL 2
CARD BREAKER
AND LEVEL 5
TURRET WARRIOR....
BEHOLD! THESE 3
WILL NOW UNITE
AND TRANSFORM TO CREATE
THE ALL POWERFUL,
THE ALL MIGHTY,
THE ULTIMATE...
STARDUST DRAGON!
[ROARS]
STARDUST, TAKE FLIGHT!
♪
ATTA WAY, BOY!
SORRY, RADLEY, BUT ANYTHING
YOUR DUELIST CAN DO,
OURS CAN DO BETTER!
HA! WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT
CUZ THESE TWO BEASTS
ARE ABOUT TO BRAWL!
♪
I END MY TURN
WITH A FACE DOWN...
YOUR MOVE, KALIN.
YES, IT IS.
I'LL THROW
A FACEDOWN, TOO...
AND THEN HAVE
INFERNITY DOOM DRAGON
ATTACK THAT
STARDUST DRAGON!
GO INFERNAL
FLAME BLAST!
I PLAY MY FACE DOWN...
POWER FRAME!
SINCE YOU ATTACKED
MY MONSTER,
I'M ALLOWED
TO NEGATE THIS BATTLE!
BUT THE BEST PART
IS THAT NOW,
POWER FRAME BECOMES
AN EQUIP CARD...
AN EQUIP CARD THAT
ATTACHES ITSELF
TO STARDUST DRAGON
FOR A BIG ATTACK POINT
POWER UP!
SPECIFICALLY,
A POWER UP MADE UP
FROM THE
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
YOUR DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS AND MINE!
THAT'S 500!
NOW THEIR ATTACK POINTS
ARE EXACTLY THE SAME!
♪
[THINKING] AND FATE
TIGHTENS ITS GRIP...
THE END IS NEAR.
IT'S MY DRAW!
FIRST I'LL SUMMON
THIS BEAST...
COME...SECOND BOOSTER!
woman: BY SACRIFICING THE
MONSTER CARD SECOND BOOSTER,
YOU CAN INCREASE ONE OF
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
BY 1500.
NEXT STARDUST DRAGON
WILL ATTACK
INFERNITY DOOM DRAGON!
[ROARS]
THIS IS BAD!
BOTH MONSTERS
WILL BE DESTROYED
THEN SECOND BOOSTER WILL BE
ABLE TO ATTACK FOR THE WIN!
Yusei: GO COSMIC FLARE!
I PLAY A TRAP CARD...
INFERNITY BREAK!
NOW, SINCE I HAVE
NO CARDS IN MY HAND,
BY REMOVING AN INFERNITY
MONSTER IN MY GRAVE FROM PLAY,
I CAN DESTROY A CARD
ON YOUR FIELD!
AND THE CARD I CHOOSE
TO DESTROY...
IS POWER FRAME!
WHICH MEANS STARDUST DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINT POWER UP
IS NO MORE!
♪
[THINKING] I'VE DONE
ALL I CAN.
WHATEVER HAPPENS NOW
IS DESTINED TO BE.
I PLAY SECOND BOOSTER'S
ABILITY!
SINCE THE ATTACK POINTS OF
ONE OF MY MONSTERS CHANGED
I'M NOW ALLOWED TO
RELEASE SECOND BOOSTER
AND INCREASE THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 1500.
♪
UH OH...THAT'S NOT GOOD!
THIS IS IT...
♪
ONE MORE TIME,
STARDUST DRAGON!
ATTACK WITH
COSMIC FLARE!
♪
[THINKING] AT LAST...
I WILL MEET THE FATE
THAT I DESERVE.
THE JUSTICE
I'VE LONGED FOR...
♪
Barbara's voice:
IF YOU CAN SOMEHOW MANAGE
TO DEFEAT KALIN IN A DUEL...
THEN I HAVE THE TOOLS
TO FREE HIM
BEFORE HE'S BANISHED
TO THAT MINE FOREVER.
♪
BARBARA, NOW!
YOU ASKED FOR IT...
[CRIES OUT]
♪
NO...BARBARA, WHY?
[CHUCKLES]
WHY...?
♪
[GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLES]
SEE YA AT THE MINES!
♪
SORRY BUT YOU WON'T BE
ABLE TO MOVE FOR A WHILE
DUE TO THAT
CYBER RAY BLAST.
[GROWLS]
♪
AW, YEAH!
WHAT IS THAT THING...?!
♪
YEAH!
HE'S BACK!
HOORAY!
NO...IT CAN'T BE...
♪
[GASP]
YOU'RE...YOU'RE...
MALCOLM'S KID BRO...
LAWTON!
THAT'S RIGHT--
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
I GOT HERE JUST IN TIME!
♪
Lawton: HOLD UP!
YOU GOT ROOM FOR
ONE MORE TODAY, FELLAS?
♪
LET'S DUEL.
RIGHT NOW?
BUT THE SUN'S
ABOUT TO SET!
THERE'S NOT ENOUGH
TIME FOR A DUEL!
THERE'S TIME ENOUGH
FOR A SINGLE MOVE.
WHAT?
[THINKING] A SINGLE MOVE?
YA THINK YA CAN RISE
TO THE CHALLENGE--
THINK YA CAN EVEN
RISE UP OFF THE GROUND?
[LAUGHTER]
♪
ALRIGHTY,
I'LL DRAW FIRST...
HOPE YOU'RE READY!
HERE WE GO!
FIRST I SUMMON...
GATLING OGRE!
♪
AND THEN I'LL PLACE
5 CARDS FACEDOWN.
♪
ARE YOU LOCO?
IN A DUEL, THE FIRST PERSON
WHO MOVES CAN'T ATTACK!
AND YOU JUST WENT FIRST!
SO NOW THERE'S NO WAY
YOU CAN WIN THIS!
IS THAT SO?
HUH?
GO!
Lawton: YA SEE, RADLEY,
DUE TO GATLING OGRE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
FOR EVERY CARD IN MY
SPELL AND TRAP ZONE
THAT I BANISH
TO THE GRAVE,
YOU TAKE
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
AND GUESS WHAT?
I JUST BANISHED
ALL 5 FACEDOWNS
I JUST PLAYED!
SO THAT'S 4000 POINTS
OF ATTACK-FREE FIREPOWER!
NO...THIS CAN'T BE...
I'VE LOST...
♪
[CROWD CHEERING]
[THINKING] THIS LAWTON
GUY HAS SOME SKILLS.
♪
[GROANS]
[ALL GASP]
♪
IF ANY OF YOU WANNA MEET
THE SAME END HE DID...
WELL THEN...
I'D BE HAPPY TO OBLIGE
AND ARRANGE A DUEL
ANYTIME ANYWHERE.
OTHERWISE, THROW DOWN
YOUR DECKS!
-OKEY-DOKE!
-YES, SIR!
[CHUCKLES]
♪
Malcolm: SORRY, STRANGER,
GUESS WE SHOULDA TOLD YA...
THE PLAN ALL ALONG WAS FOR
MY KID BROTHER, LAWTON,
TO COME INTO TOWN AND GIVE IT
TO THESE RADLEY BUNCH BUFFOONS.
♪
BUT IN ORDER TO DO THAT WE
HAD TO GET RID OF KALIN FIRST.
SURE, OUR
ACE IN THE HOLE LAWTON
COULD'VE HANDLED THAT
PROBLEM BY HIMSELF...
BUT WHY RISK IT--
YOU KNEW KALIN
SO WHO BETTER
TO DEFEAT HIM?
THAT'S WHY
I CONTACTED YOU.
WAIT, SO THEN...
YOU NEVER EVEN CARED ABOUT
HELPING KALIN AT ALL?
NO, OF COURSE NOT-- I ONLY
CARE ABOUT ONE THING...
AND THAT'S...
HELPING MY SWEET-CAKES
HERE RULE THIS TOWN.
[CHUCKLES]
NOW, NOW, YUSEI,
DON'T LOOK SO UPSET,
AFTER ALL, WE CAN
STILL BE FRIENDS.
WHY, IF YOU'RE
UP TO IT,
I COULD EVEN MAKE YOU MY
PERSONAL SERVANT FOR LIFE.
NO THANKS.
♪
ENOUGH TALKING.
TIME FOR YUSEI...
TO GO BYE-BYE.
TAKE HIM AWAY, BOYS.
♪
NOW LISTEN UP
AND LISTEN GOOD.
FROM HERE ON OUT THE MALCOLM
CREW RUNS THE SHOW!
SO IF ANYONE WANTS TO SO MUCH
AS SNEEZE 'ROUND HERE,
YOU GOTTA GET OUR OKAY!
AIN'T THAT RIGHT?!
Man: YOU SAID IT, MALCOLM!
Second man: AIN'T NO ONE
SNEEZIN' ON MY WATCH!
♪
KALIN...THEY TOOK HIM!
HOW DO WE RESCUE
PA NOW, SIS?
♪
Guard: WELCOME TO THE MINES.
DON'T EVEN THINK
ABOUT ESCAPIN'.
♪
RESTRICTOR COLLARS--
STEP OUTTA LINE
AND I CAN GETCHA
JUST LIKE THAT!
♪
AW...THIS IS YOUR FAULT!
IF YOU DIDN'T
LOSE THAT DUEL
THEN WE WOULDN'T
BE IN THIS MESS!
NOW WE'VE GOTTA LIVE
THE REST OF OUR LIVES
INSIDE THIS MOUNTAIN--
BREAKING OUR BACKS
DAY AND NIGHT!
IF YA DON'T SIMMER DOWN,
I'LL TEST OUT THAT COLLAR.
THAT'S BETTER--NOW THEN,
LET'S PUT YOU 3
TO WORK, SHALL WE?
Guard: MOVE IT,
TOUGH GUY.
Radley: PLEASE, LET ME GO!
I WANT OUT OF HERE!
Guard: SORRY--THIS IS
THE END OF THE ROAD!
♪
[THINKING] OH, MAN...
THIS IS OUR LIFE FROM NOW ON?
♪
[COUGHING]
STOP SLACKING!
♪
HOPE YA LIKE WHAT
YA SEE CUZ THIS
IS GONNA BE YOUR
WORK STATION, GENTLEMEN.
IT'S SIMPLE...
YOU PICK AT THE ROCKS...
AND DIG UP AS MUCH
DYNE AS POSSIBLE!
WELL? GET TO IT!
♪
HEY, KALIN...
STAY STRONG...
[CRIES OUT,
GROANS]
KALIN! STAND UP!
I'D LISTEN TO
YOUR FRIEND!
GO ON!
GET TO WORK!
♪
HANG TIGHT...
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
♪
PICK IT UP,
BUTTERFINGERS!
YOU OK?
♪
WHAT ARE YOU STARIN' AT,
TOUGH GUY?
THAT'S RIGHT--AND PUT
YOUR BACK INTO IT!
♪
[ALARM BLARING]
-HEY!
-FINALLY--THE RELIEF CREW!
WHAT, YOU AIN'T WORKIN'
OVERTIME THIS WEEK?
NAH, ONE SHIFT IS
MORE THAN ENOUGH FOR ME.
♪
YOU SIGN UP FOR
THE DUEL LEAGUE?
[MAN COUGHING]
YOU OK, JORDAN?
Guard: HEY, WHAT GIVES?!
Second guard:
WHAT'S HIS PROBLEM?
LET'S GO, YOU, WAKE UP!
FINE THEN...
♪
Guard: YOU DON'T WORK--
YOU DON'T EAT!
DON'T!
Guard: JUST DUMP 'EM WITH
THE REST A' THE LOAFERS.
Second guard:
HOW MANY DOES THAT
MAKE FOR TODAY?
WHERE ARE THEY
TAKING HIM?
HE NEEDS HELP.
YES...BUT I'M AFRAID HELP
DOESN'T EXIST DOWN HERE.
THAT MAN'S
A HUMAN BEING, KALIN.
THIS ISN'T RIGHT!
MAYBE...BUT
IT'S GOING TO BE
OUR LIVES FROM NOW ON
SO BETTER GET USED TO IT.
NO, I DON'T
THINK I WILL.
BECAUSE I DON'T PLAN
ON STAYING HERE.
AND YOU
SHOULDN'T EITHER.
♪
GUESS ALL YOUR WORK
WITH RUNNERS...
HAS REALLY
COME IN HANDY.
I SAW A TUNNEL
BEHIND SOME GEAR...
NOW...IF WE COULD
SOMEHOW MANAGE
TO SNEAK OFF
INTO IT...
WE MIGHT BE ABLE
TO FIND A WAY OUT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU FORGET, YUSEI,
THIS IS THE LIFE
I WANTED FOR MYSELF.
THIS IS NO LIFE, KALIN.
IT'S A LIVING NIGHTMARE!
LOOK...I'M SORRY, YUSEI,
BUT I PUT MY FUTURE
IN FATE'S HANDS
AND FATE HAS
LANDED ME HERE.
YOU'RE WRONG!
KALIN, LIFE IS ABOUT
MAKING YOUR OWN FATE!
♪
[PEOPLE CHEERING]
AH, THAT WAS REAL NICE WORK
YOU DID, SWEET-CAKES.
MY PLEASURE,
DEW-DROP,
NOW THE TOWN
BELONGS TO YOU.
NAH--IT BELONGS
TO US.
TO US?
YEP--AND I'M
RENAMIN' IT
SWEET-CAKE--
DEW-DROP-VILLE!
OH, I JUST
LOVE IT, MALCKEY!
AND I LOVE YOU,
BABY FACE!
MY LITTLE SWEET LOLLIPOP
PUDDING PRINCESS!
[BOTH LAUGH]
♪
HEY! THAT YUSEI FELLA.
HIS DUEL RUNNER...
IT WAS JUST HERE
BUT NOW IT'S GONE.
Man: AW, THAT GUY'S
STUCK IN THE MINES
FOR THE REST
OF HIS LIFE!
SO WHAT?
SO I SMELL A RAT.
AND I DON'T LIKE RATS.
♪
KALIN...
YUSEI...
I TOLD YOU ALREADY.
I'M STAYING HERE
IN THE MINES.
♪
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
LISTEN UP...
YOU TOLD ME FATE
PUT YOU HERE...
WELL, YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SEE THAT FATE'S
ALSO GONNA
BUST YOU OUT!
♪